 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 I just started recording.
 >> Okay.
 >> All right, I'll share my screen and so we got a half an hour, I'm on the free plan.
 I don't, I can imagine we could take longer or shorter, but anyway, I'll show you the website.
 So this, if you haven't looked at it lately, it's a little bit different from what you may have seen before.
 >> Okay, now it flipped around, now it's got.
 >> Okay, Michael is in Vietnam, okay, I got that.
 >> But I'm not seeing a very good picture myself with me.
 >> Yeah, you're down in the corner kind of, and up above too.
 There we go.
 Are you still seeing, what are you seeing now?
 >> Well, I'm seeing you and also seeing you up above the thing that Michael is Patrick in Vietnam.
 I've been in Vietnam a little over a week and already I've taken three AK-47 rounds and
 probably kill enough men to become an ace in the Air Force terms, but we'll have next 12 months we bring.
 >> Okay, so can you see the very top with the big title, Mike Fitts, and Mike Fitts.
 >> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 >> So why don't you take a look at that and see if there's anything you'd like to change or
 give credit to or not give credit to or?
 >> No, it looked fine.
 So everything that you see like underlined or are you seeing my cursor on the screen moving around?
 >> Yeah, yeah.
 >> But I've got to be more.
 >> So that's a link, when your mouse changes like that, and that's just a link.
 That's what all that is.
 This is just a definition of entry-level job.
 Some of these things were chosen by AI to help had Google AI do a lot of this like it says there.
 And some of these links were just, I said, make a link to anything that people might want.
 I want to follow up on and a lot of basic things like Vietnam is a link, for example.
 You're saying all these screen changes when I do this?
 >> Yeah, yeah, you went to Wikipedia of Vietnam.
 >> Okay, and AK-47.
 >> Yeah.
 >> That's what all these things highlight and blue are about.
 >> Okay.
 >> And if there's anything you'd like not to be highlighted or okay.
 So you like the top part, the top part is good to go.
 >> Okay, yeah.
 >> So I don't know if you've seen the newspaper clippings part, can you see that over the side?
 >> Yeah, I can see it.
 >> So each of these summaries here, that was an AI generated, so I didn't play with any of this.
 If there's any language you don't like about any of these, and that's what these things over italics are.
 >> Okay.
 >> I told the AI make something poetic as a summary of this paragraph, so when you click on the link,
 it gives you, you're saying that right.
 That's what that's about.
 So this is everything I found on you in the Republican regarding your going to Vietnam and it ends up coming back.
 Honorable discharge.
 >> Okay.
 >> So you can tell me about, so this part is the text.
 If there's anything about that you want to edit, this is just not identical to what you had before.
 >> That's fine.
 >> But I do have questions like what is around when you're talking about AK-47?
 What does that mean, like one shot or is that like a?
 >> No, no, it's an automatic weapon.
 And that would be like this hole, whatever. >> Yeah, even a big burst and three bullets hit me and probably half dozen didn't.
 >> And then the first week, is that- >> Yeah, that's pretty much how.
 And I was, when I got shot, I guess it's not in there, I was, maybe I should go over that a little bit more.
 >> Well, you do talk about the shoot, I mean, maybe you should go over the whole thing again or-
 >> Okay.
 >> Okay, AK-47 rounds, okay, I got that ace.
 And you said you probably killed enough men, do you know for a fact or what do you mean by that?
 >> I don't know if it's on down, I expand it on this or not.
 Maybe I shouldn't, maybe I should expand it right now.
 >> Okay, there's two of us on a shift, and one guy was awake all the time.
 And when I went on shift at two o'clock, and it took me like five minutes to find my clock, so it was really dark out.
 And so also we heard the North Vietnamese coming up the hill to my right, to my right, and then turned the corner.
 And they ran to a bunch of brush, so they had to go down the hill and come back up.
 And I just figured the guy that was with me would wake up and hear all this stuff.
 And I pretty much knew where they were, and I had three grenades, and I threw grenades
 about where their voices were, and each time I threw a grenade, I heard screaming.
 So whether I kill anybody or just fuck them up, I don't know.
 And then when I first saw them, they were in line with the foxhole next to me, and they were coming diagonal to me.
 Are you recording all this, then you can go back.
 >> Yeah, I'm recording it.
 >> Okay, and then so when I first saw them, they were in line with the other foxhole.
 And so they came on a diagonal, and when they got behind me,
 I opened up my M16s, 2018 rounds, and I saw a few of them fall down funny-like.
 I don't know if I kill them, I don't know if they got back up or not.
 And then all the way through boot camp and stuff, we had M14, and you could change magazines by just putting the magazines in and just ease a bolt home.
 Well, I didn't know the M16 good enough, but that doesn't work.
 You got to let slam and make noise.
 So a little while later, there's another group coming to my left this time, and there's probably like six or eight single file.
 And the last guy wasn't following them, he came right toward my foxhole.
 And I had a K-bar, a big World War II knife that I got from Uncle Jimmy, and I stuck in the ground in case I needed it, and I forgot all about that shit.
 And so when he got about 10 feet from me, I jumped up and squeezed around off my M16 and nothing happened, you know, and I didn't know what, you know, I'm fine.
 But this guy, you know, out of a couple million North Vietnamese, all he did was just jump down and flatten his face right in front of me.
 So I jumped up and tried choking him from the backside, which you got choked from the frontside.
 And that didn't happen.
 Then I got up and started ramming the early M16s had kind of like a three short points kind of.
 So I remember, I don't know if it was Kenny Wiles or something, but I remember hit him in the medulla oblongata, which is a basic skill, I don't know why I remember that.
 And he started screaming when I did it, and the third time, I heard I heard an automatic weapon go off.
 And also it felt like a thousand bees are stinging me.
 You know, I'm in the middle of a war, the guy was screaming, and, you know, and then it was, ah, not fucked.
 It's time to get the fuck out of Dodge, and those are my exact thoughts.
 Time to get the fuck out of Dodge.
 So I grabbed his rifle and threw it, mind me flying to it, it didn't work anyways.
 And I rolled down it and hit on the bottom of the hill in some brush, a little clump of brush, you know, about a foot of grass and some twigs and then, and then fly.
 Uh, yeah, leaves on the top.
 And then after, you know, and I didn't know how bad I was hitting, I took my bell off and kind of made an attorney get sent stuff real tight, didn't want to lead to death.
 And then I, and then they started coming back down the hill, they did all their killing and stuff, I think, I think 16 guys got killed that night.
 And they walked right past on a trail.
 I mean, I could virtually look up and see the expression on their face, uh, you know, six feet away.
 So I mean, between my face and their face are six feet.
 And finally flares were to going off.
 So, you know, I just, oh, shit, uh, they went on and I waited a while and I crawled up the hill and walked in.
 I remember the, that night, the, uh, password was, was raincoat, you know, so I was rain, rain, knowing the same coat, coat.
 And finally just walked in and, you know, the first thing he said, I always thought you were dead.
 And I said, well, I thought I was too.
 And, uh, and then I said, I need a medic, I've been shocked.
 And then, you know, so that medic had looked at me and I thought I just got nicked in the leg.
 So, uh, arbitrary or more to ship. And, uh, so it's how you're not serious.
 You need to go to a hospital ship.
 You will wait until it gets light out, you know, to helicopter back to the ship instead of doing it right now.
 And then when I got back to the ship, you know, they're looking at it.
 Well, this just looks funny and got look at the side of my leg.
 No blood or anything, but they could see a hole in there.
 I said, oh, you should have went to the hospital ship. You know, things would have turned out a lot differently if that would have happened.
 And little, little while later I was selling the ship, uh, you know, it's war between where I was born.
 You know, one of my jobs was, was, uh, mopping, uh, the head, the bathroom, you know, the shower.
 And my, and my cello shoes that I had, uh, got a lot of gucci, didn't think nothing of it.
 And the guy came in and his eyes got great big. He said, hey, man, you're bleeding.
 Look down the whole patent leg is full of blood.
 So they went back up there and a, uh, the doctor just took it, took the scalpel and just cut into it and let it heal by itself.
 And going back a few minutes, when they were showing me up that they put a stitch halfway in between my leg
 and, uh, and had, you know, four inches of suture left after they tied the knot,
 and they just stuffed it in my leg. And I, I don't seem right. Ah, he's a doctor in everything.
 And, uh, so that's, that's why I bled quite a bit afterwards.
 And, uh, you know, I got nerve damage from there. I still still have nerve damage. I feel that all the time.
 Um, and so we, we went back to the Philippines to change ships and we went through a typhoon.
 And that's probably the only time I didn't get seasick or air sick or anything. I guess I was miserable enough.
 So God, if it's such a person, you know, say, okay, we'll, we'll let you not get seasick.
 It had a big coffee urn that was, you know, like 15 gallons. Big metal thing. You'd probably see them on the ship.
 Yep. And it fell off and I was pretty much on one side. I couldn't really move around.
 And so all the coffee would go up the, up the deck because the ship was rolling quite a bit.
 Up the deck, back down the deck to the left, back to the center and 15 minutes of watching.
 And, uh, then finally, you know, everything was okay. But then when I said the Philippines,
 they didn't really sew me up. They just wrapped me up in about three inches of God. So I,
 I couldn't go off base and enjoy the Philippines, which is kind of a wild place for a young,
 single guy. Anyway, that's my getting shot story.
 Okay. You, uh, did cover some of that down lower, but that was good at extra detail. I did a,
 yeah. I did a few questions, but, uh, maybe because like I'm on the free plane, like I said, we should
 maybe try to get the whole thing, uh, go quickly over the whole thing and then go back to get details.
 Oh, okay. I guess so. Okay. Uh, so you can see I'm right in the middle for me is I was trained to kill.
 I mean, there's no emotional I get to do in your job. No training compared to you for the death
 of a friend. Luckily, I didn't know any of the 16 were killed very well. So yeah, it's only a
 week. So the pain was no, that, right. Okay. So, well, our question I had here is like the 16.
 You don't really, I mean, you, well, you just told me you mentioned the 16, but we don't have any
 text about who the 16 are at this point. So no, yeah, I didn't know. I, I guess any one guy,
 the foxhole is off to my right. Uh huh. And they said, oh, he's, he always slept on watch anyways,
 but it probably would happen to him. Um, okay. But this was all the same. The bat, the same battle.
 Yeah. I guess one thing you didn't say we maybe get to later is why you were there. How did you come
 to be at that place you were when you got okay? Yeah, we're a warship and we got our hometown was
 well, well, Mike, let me for like I said, let's go over the whole thing first. Okay. Um, and we,
 we can come back. I want to come back to all that stuff, but just get the big picture first.
 And so you if you've got something down, yeah, I'll let you read this and just tell me if you have
 anything that's wrong about it or you'd want to add or change it. Yeah, it was back to worship
 was kind of like a imagine it, I guess. And the big pain was they didn't soak my leg right away.
 Every day they'd pack a full of gauze and then taking it out the next day.
 Really painful. The skin sort of going, going to the gauze and everything. And you know, it's
 quite painful. I survived though. I think I had a bunch of dim roll to it. I'm going back a little
 further back. The reason why we left the ship, we left it in the early morning. So, you know,
 you know, 14 hours or 15 hours later, I was back with the same ship. But the reason why they took
 us off the ship, Martha Ray's USO show was going to be on the ship. And they didn't want a bunch
 of Marines going stupid, which we would have done. Oh, yeah. You mentioned that somewhere.
 Oh, okay. Oh, okay. Marines. Yeah. Yeah. And the thing when I the thing I thought about
 was that scene in Apocalypse and Apocalypse now, do you know what I'm talking about?
 Well, but I don't remember. Yeah. I never saw USO show. Oh, I only time I saw an American woman
 was going on R&R back in the name. And very few. We didn't, most of the time we're along the
 DMZ and it's a free kill zone. So civilians didn't hang out up there at all. So we just didn't see any.
 Okay. Moving right along. Well, let's see. Did we get this? Okay. You've talked about this already,
 man. You're okay. And I do you mentioned something when we talked to the phone earlier this week
 about you might have added some graphic D want to there was some graphic detail you left out of
 some stuff later on for 40 days. Okay. So is this a different episode? Let's see. I was out of action
 for 40 days. Okay. And then next one down there is about the scariest I was in my life.
 You know, he was off the ship to join our company about 10 miles south. My fox was right on the
 ledge of small canal, probably 20 foot across. Sometimes the middle of the night, a frog jumped
 in the water. Well, it's only 99% sure. It's a frog. The other 1% told me it could be the enemy.
 And fear grabbed me so hard. My heart was beating so fierce, fiercely, it actually caused the pain.
 Although it was a frog. Fair work took me so I threw a grenade into the water. I don't know if I
 killed a frog or not, but there's, but if there was an NBA, he was gone. And it didn't find any
 bodies next day. So it's probably a frog. And I scared the crap out of a lot, a lot of people
 around there because a grenade gone out the middle of the night, you know, don't ever do that pitch
 fabric go over there. Yeah, I had to. So that kind of, I mean, is this looking back? Are you,
 is this a comedy relief sort of thing? No, yep. I mean, because it sounds, it sounds so weird,
 or, you know, like you were being made fun of and stuff, but this really did like your heart
 was beating out of your chest. Yeah, it was. Yeah. Okay, then the next one. One night, that was
 ahead of an outpost, three guys. We were about 100 yards in front of the lines. The purpose of
 outpost was to hear in time to warn the main body. Oh, this is different. Okay, my, my other tent saw
 some red lights and thought they were aiming lights for rockets for a Navy base down the road.
 I was told to call an artillery for the lights in the enemy. I called a few rounds and adjusted
 the distance, then had fire for effect a lot of rounds. Then I realized they were just fireflies
 and told my lieutenant, he did see me with me. So I spent the rest of the night trying to kill
 fireflies for that one or five houses. I believe I fail, but I suspect my taxes are still paying off
 that. Okay, moving right along. Well, I do have a question about that. When you, when you call in
 rounds, you're like on the radio to some distant person. Yeah, you know, the artillery. You know,
 I said, you know, this, you know, this, you know, I mean, this is a recording because I knew the
 recordings of our foxhole. So, you know, it was like, you know, drop, you know, subtract, you know,
 a hundred and go left a hundred or whatever. And so that was one of your basic skills. Yeah, well,
 you all can't have that a little bit. Yeah. Okay. Let me see what's this. Okay, well,
 one of the lowest points in my life with the summer of '68, I think it was, actually, I think it was May.
 Our company, a hundred and some, came upon a abandoned village a few miles south of DMZ
 at twilight. One squad, eight or 10 Marines were ambushed and they're all killed. The NBA shot
 them in the head to be sure they were dead. We could do nothing at night. In the first light,
 we went out to the village and surrounded the NBA and they tried to escape and we'd kill them all.
 That was about a hundred and a hundred and fifty, but we took one guy for that day.
 I was a far team leader and I was in charge of three Marines. Carl Richard Madsen was the only
 standing five feet per minute. He took around a few inches below his left shoulder. He died my arms.
 Carl was a friend and I thought it was possible. Although there was 20 was standing up shooting,
 we should all have been laying down. I think about Carl every day, sometime in my life.
 Okay, there's something that I didn't put in there that, you know, appropriate or not.
 The guys that were shot, they're all castrated and had their manhood stuffed in their mouth.
 It is true. So, I mean... Was that a thing or was there a term for that?
 I don't know, you know. And my man had been in their penises.
 Yeah, they were peckering balls. Oh, the whole package.
 Yeah, it's happened in all wars. Yeah. That just happens.
 Is there a point to that? Or... No, but it made, you know, just a little more, you know, less,
 I don't know, we call it, you know. Rational or? Yeah, you know, so it gave us permission to do the
 same. You do the same, yeah, although we never did. Okay, moving right along from Jesus.
 I missed death by 24 hours. We were building a base called A4, longer DMC.
 And on the first night, nothing happened, but it rained, it rained a lot. We slept into our
 watch of the foxhole. We had to be able to water every hour. The next night, I was on a three-man
 outpost about 50 yards in front of the lines. In the middle of the night, we were in explosion
 toward our lines. When I went back the next morning, I found an artillery round hit my
 previous night's foxhole and killed all the three Marines there.
 And that was H and I fire, harassment and interdiction. Supposedly,
 all the bit, at night, all the visions were on a computer of some sort, a Mac or something.
 And they just shot around, just held their scalars just about everywhere, just to mess with the enemy.
 That wasn't all that great.
 Do you think that was that something that would have been reported? I saw that that
 was a thing that happened. Well, it happens in wars a lot, I guess.
 I don't know if we reported it. You don't want to...
 Okay. War was ours. During the Tet Offensive in '68, January 31st,
 we were taken out of the bush and transferred the army. We became Charlie Troop,
 a 101st air cab. We were assigned a guard of bridge that led to Quangtree City. Quangtree
 is one of the very few cities that wasn't hit. Every night, we sent out an outpost and a patrol
 ambush. I guess it's part of the same story down here? Yeah, yeah. Most of the time,
 both troops ended up in a half-intact Catholic Church 100 miles, 100 yards in front of the lines.
 We'd get a good night's sleep. One guy would say, outpost, Charlie, all secure,
 ambush Ralph went from point A to point B. We got a whole night's sleep, and that was very infrequent
 like that. I was very lucky I had to get part of any war across these. Once it does, I was sort
 of tolling south of the DMZ along the ocean. The army was having a large battle about five miles away
 on the other side of the sand dunes. The sand dunes about five miles away. I don't know if I should
 use his name. Tommy Roth, an Oki from Miss Koki, was a point I looked over a rise and saw a bunch
 of sleep in the NBA's sleeping. Somebody said, "Shoot him, Tommy, shoot him." Tommy shot the whole
 bunch of sleep in the NBA's, which never seen combat. They all believed me to have weapons
 ringing. They all had brand new clothes, and I think I had a brand new shirt I had of one of theirs,
 and that carried one of the guy's willful for a long time. So every once in a while, I say,
 "You want to see my family?" And I show them my picture, "You sick puppy, Fitzpatrick."
 Can I have a little humor in life? Okay. Go up some more. Okay.
 War changes, it's all a little bit. The change of combat a lot. In Open Feels,
 I still look out for snipers. I still look out my feet to look out for tripwars,
 and those are habits are hard to break. War movies are too realistic for some of us to watch.
 I was lucky I didn't have any nightmares, but many, many vets still do.
 And those things still true? Oh, yeah. I, the platoon was real, almost my story,
 except I didn't kill my sergeant or wanted to. I could only watch like five or 10 minutes at a time
 before I watched, you know, it's probably watched all the bitty parts before I watched the whole movie,
 and it was, it was something. Okay. Food and combat was normally sea rations.
 Many times when we were somewhat in a safe zone, we'd get hot meal drop as a daily.
 Usually we'd get resupplied every three, three, three days in the field. We would gorge ourselves,
 then destroy the leftovers. One time we got resupplied and started to rain. It rained 40 inches in three
 days, and we had to go without getting food from like six days. We were really hungry. I remember
 finding a can of meat that was only half green with mold. Then we'd take our cans and we'd stab
 them with the bay net so they'd spoil. And so I just scraped the green, green away and ate it.
 And drinking water is mostly from rice pads, which have been fertilized by humans and animals for
 thousands of years. Normally, a canteen we had put one house on town was in it, but in Vietnam,
 we put three and it tasted like crap. And so we use a lot of Kool-Aid to change the taste.
 And that was before Kool-Aid, the cyclamence or whatever it was, was kind of outlawed.
 Every once in a while, they'd bring us milk out the field. It'd always be cold, sour milk.
 And a few times we were without water, we'd like to do it do awfully. It leaves just to get
 something wet in our what to drink or our mouth. Just weeks before I got to go home, we dug on a
 mountaintop and walked inside of North Vietnam. I was there with my machine gun buddies.
 Getting ready to go to shoot the shoot with my machine gun buddies when a
 round came in and killed a rocky archetta and another friend. The round came from caves in North
 Vietnam. I missed death by a few minutes there. The night I went to the LZ and talked to the
 body bags of my friends for about an hour. And once we got the rear brand new second lieutenant
 jumped for me for not saluting him, I told him I don't salute officers. He nixed and formed me
 that you shall salute him. I said, yes, sir. From now on, whenever I see you, I'll give you a
 snappy salute and a loud professional, a good morning or good afternoon, sir, whichever is
 appropriate. And then I'd walk, then I'd run like hell. I then briskly walked away, took him about
 30 yards to catch up with me and told me I didn't have to salute him. Well, sometimes the house
 can be really dumb. Yeah, let me show you what those link to. So one of his fragging is, is that
 what you were talking about? No, it wasn't fragging. It was for the north. The other one was if you
 salute somebody, you want to kill officers. So if you salute somebody and say, good afternoon, sir,
 you're pointing him out. Right. To the enemy. We didn't, I don't know if you've seen here,
 only one time we thought about fragging somebody. We were long at EMC and the real secure base,
 we had foxholes and we'd be doing things a daytime feeling, sandbags going to patrol or whatever.
 And then I would have two man foxholes. So, you know, eight hours of darkness, we had to be awake
 half the time. So we didn't get much sleep. We're always tired. And the officer said, okay,
 we're going to go to three man hole watch. And two guys got to be awake all night long.
 Somebody and I don't know who did it, but we gave him a grenade pin and a note saying you get the
 other half tomorrow night. Then they came out and said, okay, two men foxholes and we're not going
 to check lines anymore. So that was the closest we ever get to get rid of somebody. Okay, that's
 moved right along. Okay, okay. This is another thing. You got to move it up, don't you?
 Okay. Well, you, I mean, this is pretty straightforward. Is there anything to add to this story about
 the day that Air Force saved your life? No, oh, okay, no, okay. Okay, I got to jump past it.
 It's like, I guess, okay, okay. The day that saved our opportunity, 30 men were
 standing up at night on the edge of a clearing. We were around the ocean about a half miles south
 of the M.C. And Mill and I, we heard Vietnamese digging in a cross of us and called in our tour
 and they stopped digging. And it was a shelling stop. They started digging again. And we did that
 several times that went all in on. We knew stuff that hit the fan first light. The tank farm base
 came up along with two Huey Genships and two Ford Fannoms. The Fannoms and Genships made a few passes
 and then the Air Force dropped napalm. Yet the Air Force informed us that our platoon was
 and one tank was up against an envy regiment, which about 800 men. Then we decided to take
 a tactical advance to the rear, not retreat. Was that a common way of putting it or?
 I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, we took one catch that night, a friend,
 we were all friends by then. He looked into an Amy Bunker without throwing an grenade. He took
 around, wrapped in the eyes and lit his head in half. I was told to help me evacuate him.
 When I became so physically ill, I just couldn't do it. Others had to.
 So if they weren't for those two F-4s, 30s would have been surrounded with odds not really in our
 favor. Thanks Air Force. Okay, July 4th, 1968 was a memorable fourth. We're in the middle of a large
 battle. It had been about 200 of our men against 500 of the enemy. So they kind of stayed and
 fight. The enemy stayed to 500 of their favor. It was a moving battle and we were kind of pushing
 them back. But when the night came, there was a road that separated. It was white. So you could
 be calling it F-4s and they dropped napalm on the enemy side of the white road.
 In the movie, Apocalypse Now referred to napalm as a smell of victory. So we also had the sight
 of victory. And that's the only time ever happened that I know that. And all along the horizon,
 with other bases shooting up flares and pop-ups and stuff. And we had the real machine.
 And one of the bases, I think was Dong Ha, that ammunition dump that the enemy's been
 trying to bomb for just about ever. And one of the flares or whatever hit the ammunition dump,
 and we blew it up for him. So that's it of that stuff that you wrote. You think it was two-year
 air guard buddies that were going to Iraq or something like that? Oh yeah. This all sort of
 went when the war. But I'm just trying to tell people it wars. It's not just a fun thing in the
 movie or whatever. Do you know if this was published anywhere? Like the newsletter for
 the base or like that? It knows on the base newspaper. You don't have like a copy of that
 hidden away somewhere, do you? Maybe. So we got like four minutes, four, a little less than five
 minutes left. Have you looked at these newspaper clippings? Do you want to already want to just
 based on what it says? Well, we could look at the wounded in action one. Come on. I can't bother me.
 Yeah, you know, it's both legs. It's only one leg. There's a correction
 after right after this. But so yeah, I don't know if you've even seen that here. Clear letter
 clarifies wound. So it just shows you how how bad the printing can be in that paper sometimes.
 But it's hard to read this. But anyway, well, let's maybe we'll close up. So I'm thinking,
 I'd like to like have everybody in the family go over this. The Fitzpatrick's in a Zoom meeting
 sometime. How do you feel about that? I don't care. And I'll get the I'll pay for a subscription so
 we can be longer. But and maybe just talk about that time anyway, that time of life and what was
 going on everywhere for everybody. I think any particular good times for you? No, give me time.
 You know, I guess one little tidbit somewhere along the line.
 As long as he was in a camp carol, our artillery base, and we were on a truck park and a Jeep
 came on and the driver with the Jeep was was Jim Murphy from from my class. And he was lost.
 You're going to case on it. I don't think you want to go there.
 Yeah, that's what I got this clip. Oh, oh, that's what that's what you're talking about.
 Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. James Murphy. I lost my glasses, like, you know, I didn't recognize
 them after that. So I went a month without glasses. And I was just about blind. Oh, Jesus. Yeah.
 They didn't have facilities to help you out. Yeah, they touched in me the rear. I could have
 gone in just days, but they didn't. All right. Well, I guess that's all for now. I'll try to schedule
 something and see what everybody else has to say and maybe what Brian's experience of that time was.
 I see like one of these things that said that you are living or you and Brian were living together
 right after the war. Let's see. He came out to California. And this last one honorable discharge.
 You were coming home and Brian was there. Was he like stayed with you for a long period of time?
 Well, he was in another town. He was working making napalm balms. Well,
 and he had to go home. He went home before I did. Oh, the kid he got his draft notice.
 Oh, he hadn't been drafted at this point. Oh, no. Oh, so him and Jim Nichols went
 went in together. Yeah, they went into Germany, right? Oh, I just lost my zip thing. I put a strong
 button. Oh, I got back. Yeah, Brian went to Germany and Jim went to Vietnam. And Jim thought,
 so he quit. He quit in the army. He was in Long Bend jail.
 He was doing a bunch of drugs and stuff. He sent Brian some drugs. He sent some heroin.
 And and you can sniff it, too, you know, instead of, instead of, you know, shooting it up.
 But, but he didn't tell Brian, don't swallow. Don't swallow anything. You get really sick
 that throw up. But we're about to get logged off. Okay, we're out of time. Okay, I'll schedule
 something else. I'll follow up and maybe listen to the the recording and make some changes. Okay.
 All right. Okay. Later. Later. Thanks. Oh, yeah. Thank you.
